Free Response:

1. Sequencing: algorithms run in a predefined order; 
  Selection: get different outputs based upon certain booleans; 
  Iteration: repeat a certain block of code until a certain boolean state is achieved
2. [Analyzing a cleaner version of the code that I created <https://editor.p5js.org/pilover/sketches/BJNkLushX>] 
  First, a canvas with a white background is created.
  Then, the function iterates over each of the 8 colums.
    Within each column, the function iterates over each of the 8 rows.
      If the sum of the x and y indices is even, a transparent square is drawn.
        Otherwise, a purple square is drawn
        
Multiple Choice:

1. D
2. B
3. B, C
4. A
5. A
6. No Solution
7. 

Befunge:
1. Befunge was invented in 1993 by Chris Pressey. It is an esoteric language, so it is mostly unknown.
2. Befunge can be used for 2-dimensional control flow, where the execution of the program can move left, right, up or down using arrows.
3. Befunge has been influenced by Forth and FALSE.
4. Befunge is unreadable. We could understand 5% of the lines without being experts.
5. Befunge is stack-based, so it relies on a stack for storing and passing values for functions. It is reflective, so programs can modify themselves when they are running.

Python:
1. Python was invented in the late 1980s by Guido van Rossum. It is widely known and is the 4th most popular language on the TIOBE index as of November 2018.
2. Python is commonly used for scripting, web development, and data analysis.
3. Python was influenced by ABC, ALGOL 68, APL, C, C++, CLU, Dylan, Haskell, Icon, Java, Lisp, Modula-3, Perl, and Standard ML. It influenced Boo, Cobra, CoffeeScript, D, F#, Falcon, Genie, Go, Apache Groovy, Javascript, Julia, Nim, Ring, Ruby, Swift.
4. Python is completely readable. All lines are understood.
5. Python has a dynamic type system, so it checks to see if the binding of objects to types makes sense. It manages memory by counting the number of references made to determine the amount of memory that needs to be allocated and deletes unusable objects in a process called garbage collection.
